add description for staking contract (#80)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: contracts.md

## Staking

Prior to the migration of the staking contract, the old staking contract
([0x0822...74A2](https://etherscan.io/address/0x0822F3C03dcc24d200AFF33493Dc08d0e1f274A2))
was used for staking OHM. If users are still staked in there they should migrate
their staked OHM to the new staking contract
([0xFd31....566a](https://etherscan.io/address/0xFd31c7d00Ca47653c6Ce64Af53c1571f9C36566a)).
The new staking contract works with a staking helper contract
([0xC8C4....612d](https://etherscan.io/address/0xC8C436271f9A6F10a5B80c8b8eD7D0E8f37a612d)).
The staking helper contract calls "stake" and then "claim" of the new staking

> contract. sOHM is then put into a warmup phase and all the information about how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contract. When the "stake" function is called, sOHM is put into a warmup phase and all the information about how
```

> much sOHM a user staked is stored in the new staking contract. The claim
> function then retrieves the sOHM from warmup and sends them to the user's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
much sOHM a user have staked is stored in the new staking contract. When the "claim" function is called, sOHM is retrieved from the warmup and then sent to the user's
```
